Be myself

For 2 days I have been doing nothing but testing trying to find axtu bug.
I get bored.

And I start to feel the politics in Asianux, In the morning I thought I ought
to be careful about saying sth. What I was planning to write down in today's 
diary was sth like "be polite, try to smile when you speak to testers or Hwanii"
But now I changed my idea, cause I feel it sucks!

I need to be myself, if I do not want to lose my soul. Then who am I?
I am a scholar and hacker undoubtly. But recent days, I have been chasing
after money and forget who I am. Hwanii is a great guy to cope with, the best
manager I can ever find, because he shows his respect to me, which is really 
important for guys as sensitive as I am. But he is not a hacker anyway, otherwise
he will never use windows for work:-) No this is not important, as linus said:
I will use the best tool for my job.

The most important thing is how you do things. How to be a hacker rather than a stupid 
coder. Being creative, fighting for insprition, saying out the truth, making the right 
decision, and anything we should do as human being.

Making the right decision?! Always, right decision is the easiest one to make, you only need
to follow your heart. For the last three years of my graduate life, I made a wrong one.
I should be brave enough to face the danger to lose my degree, but I did not. The cruel reality
is I lose my hornor and the money at the same time. I spent lots of time on hardware and Qt,
I will be far better off now if I just concentrated on kernel before. But Joining Asianux is not 
a wrong decision, cause my kernel skill is not enough to find me a job and I need food to survive
anyway.

I am a tech guy, I do not actually need to flatter others to get promoted. I can sell my house to 
support my study if necessay. I do not need to fear losing my job."It is not programmers go hungry in this world", like linus said. I do not acutally need much money to be happy, all I need is nothing but books
and time. When I am tired with reading I play basketball, which does not cost a penny.

OK, I am hungry, and I need to go. It not always this bad working here. But it is still impotant to
 have the freedom to say no. And I want more time to study, and if Asianux guys are not stupid, I should not be kick out for this, cause this is the only right way to do software. All in all, Be myself, don't 
be afriad of danger. Nothing in life is to be feared, only understood.


